I've been deployed three times. I joined the Navy when I was 21 years
old, in 2000 and then I stayed there for eight years. So, the first
two years were for school and then the last six years, that's the time
I was on the aircraft carrier and during that time, I went out to
the sea, deployment, for six months each, well, six months then seven
months then eight months within two year sprints. So, in two years,
you're supposed to go on one deployment, six months time. Then, you're
supposed to come back for a year, I'm sorry, you're supposed to
come back for a year and a half. So, six months deployment, one and
a half years, you know, stationed at home, six months deployment,
one and a half years stationed at home. So, because, I was in for six
years, I did three deployments.